1.Purpose of the System

  The purpose of this project’s generation is to show “Hotel Reservation” project’s development step by step. This document
explains that the objects which will be used in the system and shows the relations between those objects clearly and in 
different ways. In addition, this document is prepared for a reference to client for the next parts of the project.


1.1.Scope of the System 

  “Hotel Reservation” is a web site and developed for allowing user to search and find best hotel and make reservation online.
   This web site allows two different ways of searching to the user. If the user wants he/she search a hotel in desired places 
or he/she can or search the best hotel for his/her criteria from advanced search according to check-in, check-out, room or number
of people. Furthermore, if he/she wants to make a reservation, firstly he/she has to register by email and password. After that
he/she can make a reservation.
  Hotel users applies for register to the system. These applications are checked up from registrant and applications are 
accepted depends on the situation. Accounts are created by registrant for every hotel user. Hotel user can update the reservation 
of the rooms’ status by entering the system. All of these processes are kept in the database.
  Moreover, the admin is the person who manages the system by observing the all processes and analyzing the situations by entering
the system.


1.2.Objectives and Success Criteria of the Project

The purpose of the project is that the client can search for desired criteria fast and easily. In this project, the developers
aimed some criteria for the pleasure of client. The most important one of these criteria is the ease of usage. Understandability
and ease of the transition between the objects in the system are aimed. With the ease, the other criteria is the fastness of
the transition process between the objects. These two criteria are the most important ones that’s why these two criteria has
been aimed for the client’s benefit.
